what did you do to my psychic we merely
slipped you package into your lower
tummy and you're going to transport
something very special to us
yes yes take me the hospital now
somebody put a bag of drugs inside man I
need you to take it out it's leaking it
is estimated most human beings only use
10% of the brain's capacity imagine if
we could access 100% interesting things
begin to happen yes professor Norman my
name is Lucy I just read all your
research on the human brain it's a
little rudimentary but you're on the
right track I thank you I've access to
28% of my cerebral capacity I can feel
everything apart since when did you
start writing cheney's no ago
what happens when she reaches 100% have
no idea all this knowledge given unlock
secrets that go beyond our universe I'm
not even sure that mankind is medicine
it's like all things that make me human
are fading away